FF138 Relnote: RTCSender degradationPreference (#39011)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/138/index.md

#### Media, WebRTC, and Web Audio

> - WebRTC applications can now set a preference for maintaining framerate or resolution when both the configured frame rate and resolution cannot be maintained.

Reviewer: Small one for you

```suggestion
- WebRTC applications can now set a preference for maintaining either framerate or resolution when both the configured frame rate and resolution cannot be maintained due to bandwidth constriction.
```

Author: Thanks. It's not actually either, but I don't want to draw that distinction here - there is a balanced option where both fail. 

```suggestion
- WebRTC applications can now set a preference for prioritizing framerate or resolution when network degradation means that they can't both cannot be maintained at the configured levels.
```

Reviewer: OK good, thanks for clarifying!
